Return-Path: <stockwatch24@excite.com>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bruceg@em.ca
Received: (qmail 10460 invoked from network); 27 Sep 2001 07:41:42 -0000
Received: from lukla.sun.com (192.18.98.31)
  by agamemnon.bfsmedia.com with SMTP; 27 Sep 2001 07:41:42 -0000
Received: from swffjportal2. (forte1.Sun.COM [192.18.97.98] (may be forged))
	by lukla.Sun.COM (8.9.3+Sun/8.9.3) with SMTP id BAA06465;
	Thu, 27 Sep 2001 01:43:55 -0600 (MDT)
From: stockwatch24@excite.com
Received: from mta.excite.com by swffjportal2. (SMI-8.6/SMI-SVR4)
	id BAA11284; Thu, 27 Sep 2001 01:36:20 -0600
Message-ID: <000046957843$00007910$0000568b@mta.excite.com>
To: <Value_investors@excite.com>
Subject: SATX Inc. Announces Exciting Third Generation Products Ready for Commercialization                         22155
Date: Thu, 27 Sep 2001 02:40:58 -1700
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="Windows-1252"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Priority: 1
X-MSMail-Priority: High
Reply-To: stockwatch24@excite.com
Content-Length: 7730

Updated: Tuesday, September 25, 2001 10:17 AM ET

ATLANTA--Sept. 25, 2001--SATX, Inc. (OTCBB: SATX) announced today that its
new third generation Sys-Go(TM) and AlphaTrak(TM) products are ready for the
commercial market.
The new generation product line consists of two patented products. The first
product, Sys-Go(TM), is a device that is capable of switching electrical
devices on and off remotely, via one-way pager signals. The second patented
device, AlphaTrak(TM), is also capable of switching electrical devices on
and off remotely via two-way pager signals but is also coupled with a
GPS-based tracking system that reports, via the two-way pager signals, the
location of the device back to an internet based computer system. The
device's location is reported by user-initiated contact with the device or
the device has been set up to report its location on a preprogrammed
reporting schedule.

President and CEO Terry Colbert remarked, "We are very excited to make this
announcement; that we are ready to begin delivering our new, third
generation Sys-Go(TM) and AlphaTrak(TM) products. Both products utilize
state-of-the-art surface mount technology and the latest high tech
components available in the market today."
"We, the SATX senior management, believe we could see revenues in excess of
$5MM between now and the end of 2002. This level of revenue would make SATX
profitable and I know this is what the shareholders are interested in. Of
course making the statement of achieving profitability has to be followed by
the caveat that management believes SATX would achieve profitability barring
any unforeseen material expenses. " Colbert continued.

"The Sys-Go(TM) product is designed to be a low cost remote switching device
that can be used to disable vehicles by simply dialing a 10-digit pager
number and enter a code to disable or enable the vehicle. One example of an
application for this product would be for an auto rental car company. The
company could disable a portion or entire fleet of vehicles each night so
noone could start up and drive the vehicles, thus reducing or eliminating
nighttime auto theft. The Sys-Go(TM) unit could also be used to render a
vehicle unusable when its owner is in a restaurant or the vehicle is parked
in parking lots. The owner simply dials the number, disables the vehicle
while in the restaurant or while at work and dials the number again to
enable the vehicle when ready to drive it. This would be especially
applicable for the high-end auto market."

"The AlphaTrak(TM) and Sys-Go(TM) products can disable and enable electrical
devices but the AlphaTrak(TM) has a GPS-based tracking module coupled to the
two-way paging module via proprietary hardware and software that allows you
to find out, at any time, exactly where the vehicle is located. This has
enormous potential for fleet management. Increasing efficiency and by
knowing where each of the vehicles are during the day will also simplify
fleet management. Other applications include auto dealerships, which could
sell cars or trucks to the credit challenged market. Should the buyer not
make their car payment, the vehicle could be quickly located, disabled and
retrieved. All of this in a matter of hours instead of the usual days or
weeks." Colbert concluded.

A few potential applications include:
Disable Vehicle and to Effect Recovery In the Event of Car Theft
The primary function of this application is to disable a motor vehicle in
the event of theft and to assist the owner in the recovery of the vehicle by
informing where the vehicle is located via the GPS tracking unit
The car owner simply places a telephone call to an 800 number and gives a
security and action code to the Customer Care Representative which disables
the motor vehicle via the AlphaTrak(TM) unit through a process of shutting
down the vehicle's engine in a safe manner.
The disabled vehicle can then be located via GPS tracking, and if desired,
police and/or a tow truck can be dispatched to recover the vehicle, all in a
matter of minutes.
In a situation such as the car keys being locked in the car, the car owner
is able to direct the Customer Care Representative to unlock the car doors
via the AlphaTrak(TM) system.
All of this with a simple 800 call to one of our efficient Customer Care
Representatives. Efficient and safe.

Credit Challenged Market

AlphaTrak(TM) can be used in locating and disabling automobiles that are
sold to the "credit challenged" market.
If a car owner fails to make their car payments, a signal will be sent to
the AlphaTrak(TM) unit installed in the vehicle and the vehicle will be
disabled until the car payment is made at which time another call is made to
enable the vehicle.
The disabled vehicle will be located via GPS tracking, and if desired, a tow
truck can be dispatched to recover the vehicle.
Fleet Management:
Managers and coordinators of large fleets of vehicles, such as police
departments, county sheriffs, ambulances and other emergency vehicles, could
benefit from our technology. Knowing exactly where their assets are located,
the managers and coordinators would be able to dispatch the closest
vehicle(s) to the scene thereby reducing response time.
The ambulances, police and fire response vehicles could be immediately shut
down if any one or more of the vehicles were highjacked during an emergency.
Other fleets, such as, Waste Management, pest control, letter and/or package
delivery companies could increase their efficiencies by knowing where each
of their vehicles are at all times, where they have been, how fast they are
going, and how long they have stopped at each point.

An optional two-way alphanumeric communications panel can be installed in
each of the fleet vehicles, also.
Equipment & Containers
Track and locate large containers, trailers and other equipment that can be
easily stolen.
By installing an AlphaTrak(TM) unit on or in a container or on a piece of eq
uipment, a signal will be sent to a central location monitoring the unit
that the container or equipment is being moved and possibly, being stolen.
If the container or equipment is determined to be stolen, the AlphaTrak(TM)
unit can easily locate and lead to the recovery of the stolen item(s).

These are just a few of the potential applications for the Sys-Go(TM) and
AlphaTrak(TM) products.
About SATX, Inc.

SATX, Inc. is a holding company in the process of developing several
interrelated subsidiaries. The Company's primary focus has been the
maturation of products and services for GPS-based tracking, locating and
control products and is in the process of developing and building a core
group of companies including the GPS Technology Group, a Correctional
Facilities Telecommunications Group and a Telemedicine Group.
Any statements released by SATX that are forward-looking are made pursuant
to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. Editors and investors are cautioned that forward-looking
statements involve risk and uncertainties that may affect SATX's business
prospects and performance. Actual results may differ materially from the
results predicted, and reported results should not be considered an
indication of future performance. It is further noted that data referenced
in this release may represent partial data, such as sales results, which are
subject to supplementation by other disclosures by the Company. Potential
risks and uncertainties may include economic, competitive, governmental,
technological, or other factors discussed in SATX's filings with the SEC on
forms 10-KSB, 10-QSB, and 8-K.
















Updated: Tuesday, September 25, 2001 10:17 AM ET
Updated: Tuesday, September 25, 2001 10:17 AM ET








