Return-Path: <mixup2001111@yahoo.com>
Delivered-To: bfsmedia-bluegoose.kennels@bfsmedia.com
Received: (qmail 32468 invoked from network); 21 Sep 2001 22:26:10 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO exchange-01.kimag.de) (213.69.54.66)
  by agamemnon.bfsmedia.com with SMTP; 21 Sep 2001 22:26:10 -0000
Received: from locos.com (gw.kimagintern.de [172.16.0.1]) by exchange-01.kimag.de with SMTP (Microsoft Exchange Internet Mail Service Version 5.5.2650.21)
	id RV6N531J; Fri, 21 Sep 2001 22:02:49 +0200
Content-Disposition: inline
Content-Transfer-Encoding: binary
Content-Type: text/plain
MIME-Version: 1.0
X-Mailer: MIME::Lite 1.3  
From: MORE WEB TRAFFIC <mixup2001111@yahoo.com>
To: EXTRA TRAFFIC <abbaness@abbaness.org>
Cc: 
Bcc: info@network-2001.net,,,
Subject: SEARCH ENGINE TRAFFIC
Content-Length: 7663
Lines: 173

Dear Webmaster;
 
Are you ready to drive Targeted traffic to your site; open a
floodgate of targeted visitors ready, willing and able to buy
from you?
 
Our program works so well, that we will install this program on
your server with a 100% money back guarantee.
 
If our Search Engine Magic robot fails to bring you at least 5
first page listing from major search engines in the first 3 weeks
we refund all of your money, period! (Note Package B customers
are guaranteed 10 first page listings)
 
Our program will work for just about any web site, and generates
traffic from the major search engines. So if you sell candy, car
parts or anything else for that matter, this program can help you
drive more targeted traffic to your web site from the major
search engines.
 
We have marketed web businesses for well over 5 years and we have
tried it all, from top 100 programs, partner programs, pic posts,
linking and so on. The one thing we have found out, is that some
of the best paying traffic comes from the major search engines.
 
Three or 4 years ago you could create a doorway page, load that
page with just keywords, then copy that page a couple of hundred
times and submit them all to the major engines. In a matter of
days you would have top listings on all of the major search
engines. 
 
If you not aware of it, those days are gone forever. Gaining top
positions on the major search engines is getting harder and
harder. Besides the fierce competition from millions of new
sites, the search engines themselves have set a gauntlet of
hurdles to jump through.
 
Each engine has it's own rules and trying to develop your site to
their rules is a nightmare. For example you have a nice
graphical looking site do you really want to add 500 hundred
words to the front page of the site to meet an engines
requirements? If your site has frames, Flash, a splash page, or
developed in ASP are you willing to totally redo your site? Are
you ready to make significant changes to your site and wait 3
months or more to see if they work?. Then make additional
changes and wait another 3 months? Sorry to say, but that is
frustration you are looking at to get good search engine
positioning.
 
However, their is a better way!
 
You have heard the phrase " I liked it so much I bought the
company", well that is what happened. My company has developed
hundreds of web sites, from simple sites to complex sites for
Fortune 500 companies. Over the last couple of years our clients
and ourselves tired of the search engine game. Instead of just
quitting we decided to do something about it.
 
What we discovered was a group brilliant out of the box thinking
engineers that developed a totally new way to get top positions
in the search engines. This team developed a product called
"Stealth Position"
 
The absolute brilliant part is that once Stealth Position is
installed on your UNIX server (NT site require mirror site),
you will never make doorway pages, or submit to the engines
again!
 
And yes you will get at least 5 first page listing in the first 3
weeks or you do not pay. (10 first page listings in the first 3
weeks for package B customers)
 
This is how it works......
 
1. Template Directory. Stealth Position will read who is calling
for a page. If this page request is from a surfer, they will get
only your main home page, or what ever page you want served up to
the public. This also helps protect your doorway pages from
theft by other web masters. If a search engine spider requests a
page, Stealth Position will pull a page from a template area on
your server designed just for that engine's spider.
 
So, search engines like: Excite, Go, Yahoo,
Google, Northern Light, Fast Search (Alltheweb), WebCrawler,
Netscape, Hotbot, Ask Jeeves, Lycos, Aolnetfind, Hotbot/Lycos,
Goto, Search MSN, Direct Hit, MSN UK, MSN Australia, Canada.com,
Answers.au, Sprinks, Open Directory, Dogpile, FindWhat, and
About.com get special pages served up just for them.
 
2. Page Creation On The Fly. Once Stealth Position determines
which spider is calling, the script will pull a random page from
a template area on your server. Then, it create a page on the
fly, changing the title, top keywords, lesser important keywords,
and meta tags. It even changes the document date for that file
on your server! As a result, the page is designed specifically
for that spider.
 
3. Page Links Generator. Any good web master knows that it is
important to add links to their doorway pages. This is how we
get other important pages spidered. Well, Stealth Position does
this for you, too. I am not talking about sticking the same
links time and time again to the bottom of all pages created.
Stealth Position will generate random links from all directories
it creates on your server, so this way the spiders will have lots
of fun crawling hundreds and hundreds of pages on your server.
 
And since all the pages are created on the fly, your chances of
getting a top spot on a major search engine are very high.
 
This program is truly an 'install and forget' application.

4. Automatic search engines submissions with Cron. Another
amazing feature is we let your server do the Engine submissions
for you. With a Cron script Stealth Position will submit to all
the major engines for you. Indexing is done at a predetermined
time and date. The program builds a list of URL's from the
directories and files it creates; over time, it indexes all of
them to the major search engines. So just set it and forget it.
You will be indexed week after week and it's all automatic.
 
And remember every time a spider comes in it will see a new file
document date, and be served with a new page, and new random
links.
 
5. Submits as a browser; This program also submits all pages to
the search engines as a web browser. The search engines will
believe, that all the pages the program is submitting for
indexing are being submitted right from the web, not from your
server and definitely not from one of those "$39.95 waste your
time and money search engine submitters."
 
6. Special Randomizer And Limiter Prevent "Spam alarms". Stealth
Position is a smart program, and was designed to be search engine
friendly. The program will wait several seconds between page
submissions before submitting to the same engine again. This
avoids getting a "too many pages added" error from the engines,
and also a possible IP block.
 
7. 80% of our clients come from referrals from other search
engine placement companies that tired of producing mediocre
and/or slow results for their clients (their is a good chance you
are one of them) .
 
8. Want to know more? You have nothing to lose! This complete
program comes installed on your server with a 100% money back
guarantee.
 
Packages
 
Package A - Guarantee - Minimum 5 first page listing in 3
Weeks. Includes 10 - 15 key targeted phrases on one domain.
Monthly search engine reports for the first 3 months.
 
Package B - Guarantee - Minimum 10 first page listings in
3 weeks Includes 20 - 30 key targeted phrases setup on two
domains Also Package B is an unlimited domain license; you may
have as many domains installed with Stealth Position as you wish
(all must point to the same domain).
Monthly search engine reports for the first 3 months
 
For more info please call us toll free at:
 
                   877-306-5773
 
Thank You.
 
 
This message is sent in compliance of the new email
bill section 301.Per Section 301, Paragraph (a)(2)(C) of S. 1618. We
will comply with all removal requests. To be removed type remove in the
subject line and mailto:mixup2001111@yahoo.com this is the only way
to be removed. Hitting reply will NOT remove you.

