Return-Path: <freehomebizzopp1@yahoo.co.uk>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bruceg@em.ca
Received: (qmail 906 invoked from network); 28 Oct 2001 14:55:38 -0000
Received: from ppp-2-68.cvx5.telinco.net (HELO six?figure?inco) (212.1.153.68)
  by agamemnon.bfsmedia.com with SMTP; 28 Oct 2001 14:55:38 -0000
From: "Vincent" <freehomebizzopp1@yahoo.co.uk>
To: <bruceg@em.ca>
Subject: PROVEN Work at Home System that GENERATES FREE LEADS!
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
Date: Sun, 28 Oct 2001 14:59:17
Content-Length: 2012

Hi, My name is Vincent. 

I am an ordinary man living in the UK who as learned how to make a living on the Internet 
working from home. I am willing to teach you to do the same, in simple easy to understand 
lessons so you can be successful to. I will work with you and teach you everything I know for 
FREE! This is an international business and everyone is welcome, it doesn't matter 
who you are or where you're from, anyone can do this.

You don't have to be a computer whiz or genius to learn to earn on the Internet. You just need 
a dream and be willing to give some time to learning and implementing the things I 
teach you. 

You won't GET RICH QUICK but you will be able to build a good solid income, an income that 
will depend solely on you and whether or not you are willing to learn. If you are willing 
to learn and want to get to know and work with a real person, then contact me. I am real and I 
promise to help you all that I can.

You are wondering why would I help you for Free? The company that I am affiliated with pay 
me commissions on what I do to promote their products/services. If I teach others to do 
the same they pay me commissions on how well you do at promoting their products/services 
also.

So my goal will be to teach you so well that you are making money and I am making money. I 
like it when the big boys pay me, and not the little guy like you and me. 

I will even give you a fully working registered copy of Desktop Server 2000 to get you started. 
This incredible bulk E-mail Marketing software is worth $100's, you can have a copy 
absolutely free.

I you are interested in learning more please send a blank E-Mail with “Tell Me More” in the 
subject line and mail it to freeeleads@yahoo.co.uk

I look forward to hearing back from you soon and hopefully working closely with you in the near 
future.

Sincerely,

Vincent
UK, London

This is a onetime mailing, you will not receive any further E-mail's from me and you do not have 
to remove yourself from any list.
