Return-Path: <momohosagie2@email.com>
Delivered-To: bfsmedia-bluegoose.kennels@bfsmedia.com
Received: (qmail 20309 invoked from network); 12 Dec 2001 00:44:18 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO mail.bfsmedia.com) (216.250.221.51)
  by agamemnon.bfsmedia.com with SMTP; 12 Dec 2001 00:44:18 -0000
From: "BARRISTER MOMOH OSAGIE" <momohosagie2@email.com>
Date: Wed, 12 Dec 2001 01:55:57
To:bluegoose.kennels@bfsmedia.com
Subject: BETWEEN YOU AND I
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Length: 2652
Lines: 67

CONTRACT REVIEW PANEL,
10 ADEKUNLE STREET,
VICTORIA ISLAND,
LAGOS-NIGERIA.

FROM THE DESK:BARRISTER MOMOH OSAGIE.
ATTENTION:PRESIDENT/CEO.

First,I must solicit your strictest confidence in this
transaction, this is by virtue of its nature as being
utterly confidential and top secret.

I am the Legal adviser of the Contract Review Panel
instituted by H. E. President Olusegun Obasanjo to
probe/review all Contracts executed and payments made
during the regime of late General Sani Abacha.  I have
been mandated by my colleagues on the Panel
to seek your assistance in the transfer of the sum of
US$18.5 Million into your Bank Account.  As you may
know, the late General Abacha and members of his
government embezzled billions of dollars through
spurious contracts and payments to foreigners between
1993 û 1998 and this is now the subject of probe by my
Panel.  In the course of our review, we have
discovered this sum of $18.5 Million, which the former
dictator could not transfer from the dedicated account
of the Central Bank of Nigeria before his sudden death
in June 1998.  It is this amount that my
Colleagues and I have decided to acquire for ourselves
through your assistance. This assistance becomes
crucial because we cannot acquire the funds in our
names and as government officials we are not allowed
to own or operate foreign bank accounts.  We have thus
developed a, fool proof, legal and totally risk free
scheme through which the fund can be transferred to
your nominated bank account within a very short time.
The scheme is to use our position and influence on the
Panel to represent you as a foreign Contractor
beneficiary of the funds.  We shall arrange all
documentation to support this claim and get Approval
for the transfer of the funds for your benefit on our
behalf.  The scheme is perfected to be 100% risk free
and we are sure the funds can arrive your Account
within 10-14 working days from when you agree to
assist us. You should acknowledge the receipt of my
mail through the above e-mail address so we can
further discuss the modalities of your cooperation and
negotiate the charge for the usage of your Account.
You definitely have a lot to benefit from this
transaction as we are prepared to give you between 20%
of the total funds as soon as you secure it in your
account.
Please, endeavor to send me an e-mail indicating your
interest as to enable me furnish you with my
confidential  telephone/fax number through which we
can communicate with you in confidence (in your
response) as the need for secrecy is great to this
transaction.
We expect your urgent response.

Yours faithfully,

BARRISTER MOMOH OSAGIE.




