Return-Path: <qmail-return-77042-bruce-lists-djb-qmail=bruce-guenter.dyndns.org@list.cr.yp.to>
Delivered-To: mailing list qmail@list.cr.yp.to
Received: (qmail 29162 invoked from network); 22 Oct 2001 08:48:43 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO computer-8.domain) (80.88.132.27)
  by muncher.math.uic.edu with SMTP; 22 Oct 2001 08:48:43 -0000
From: "Patrick  Udo" <godspowerchurch2@yahoo.com>
To: <qmail@list.cr.yp.to>
Subject: Help for God
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/html; charset="iso-8859-1"
Date: Mon, 22 Oct 2001 08:46:44
Content-Length: 2273

Dear friend,


Calvary Greetings.

I am a preacher with the Seed Harvest Ministry,and I
will like to get advice from you.I believe the advice
I need is secular to some extent, but do have the
patience to understand my intention.

A few year's ago I was in Liberia where I had
established a little congregation where I preached
regularly,but the civil war escaleted and the church
was converted to a hospital of sourghts. On one faith
full day three Nigerian Soldiers came to me and left
trunks of Money with me and swore to come back for it.

When the war in Liberia intensified I deposited this
box in a security vault in Togo,I was escorted to Togo
by the ECOMOG soliers who felt the content of the
trunks were documents and never cared to check the
trunks,I was air lifted to England with other refugees
then,I stayed in England and when I was getting
fraustrated I returned to Africa only to find out that
two of the three Soldiers died in Battle while the
last was decleared MIA (Missing in Action).

Now I have the fund which the soldiers said was over
thirty million dollars,but it lies in a security vault
in a Security Company in Togo,and I was contacted in a
letter dated 12th of September by the security company
asking me to indicate if I was in reciept of the
letter as a sign that I am living and still subscribed
for their service.

I am interested in using a small fraction of this
money,much less than one percent for a re organisation
of the work,but I do not need the rest and do not want
to have any direct dealing with it,but I need someone
who will be able to use the fund better maybe for
charity or something universally profitable,I have
thought of doing it my self but,my ministry is the
apocalypse and I believe and preach the soon comming
of the Lord which make me not indulgent in reliance on
money or wealth in any form.

I also do not have the money that has accrued on the
service and safe deposit of the company that holds the
fund,I will be glad if you have any interest in the
direction of maybe managing or transmitting the fund
as you prefer in your capacity and understanding.

I will be glad to get a response from you ASAP.

My telephone is 234 17594579. You can reach me on this phone at anytime of the day.

Regards.
Patrick  Udo.
