Return-Path: <uniquedebitcard@earthlink.net>
Delivered-To: em-ca-bruceg@em.ca
Received: (qmail 24292 invoked from network); 25 Oct 2001 02:09:46 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO ugsf.unimedguarulhos.com.br) (200.183.124.11)
  by agamemnon.bfsmedia.com with SMTP; 25 Oct 2001 02:09:46 -0000
Received: (from email@localhost)
	by ugsf.unimedguarulhos.com.br (8.9.3/8.9.3) id WAA32452;
	Wed, 24 Oct 2001 22:28:19 -0200
From: uniquedebitcard@earthlink.net
Message-Id: <200110250028.WAA32452@ugsf.unimedguarulhos.com.br>
X-Authentication-Warning: ugsf.unimedguarulhos.com.br: email set sender to <uniquedebitcard@earthlink.net> using -f
Received: from ts009d16.buf-ny.concentric.net(216.112.166.172) by ugsf.unimedguarulhos.com.br via smap (V2.1)
	id xmay32030; Wed, 24 Oct 01 22:26:18 -0200
To: 
Subject: International
Date: Wed, 24 Oct 2001 22:06:38 -0700
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
Errors-To: uniquedebitcard@juno.com
X-Mailer: Exchange Internet Mail service 5.5.1963.1
Content-Length: 8305

            Hello Opportunity Seeker...Boy,We have Some Good News For You !!!
            
            Financial Services International is a company committed to meet the 
            demand for a Global Debit Card. Our mission is to develop a card 
            that will meet all of the needs of 90% of the world's population. 
            Additionally, FSI plans to release other financial products, an 
            international travel program, and a worldwide health benefit 
            program.

            The FSI Express Gold Card is our first product. It is designed as a 
            U.S. based product. FSI plans to have similar, exciting features and 
            benefits as we expand into the global market. Begin to dream with us 
            as you read about our future.
            New Global Debit Card Marketing Opportunity
            Lets You Offer a Product with
            HUGE Market Potential and DEMAND!!!

            *Unique marketing plan helps you:
            *Create a monthly residual income 
            *Make individual, volume or corporate sales 
            *Build a global sales organization 
            ***Let's talk about the reasons why a
               Global Debit Card is so BIG!

            What is one thing all countries have in common? They ALL have money.
            And let's say you were able to find a financial product NEEDED by 
            90% of the world population that could be used in just about ANY 
            country, AND you not only received commissions for marketing it to 
            people around the world, but you also received commissions every 
            time that product was used...

            You would potentially have a BIG opportunity.
            BUT if the reason WHY this product was MUCH NEEDED was because 
            market trends in the global economy forced it to become a necessity 
            for doing business, then you would all of a sudden have a VERY 
            LUCRATIVE opportunity on your hands, wouldn't you?
            Well here is your opportunity.

            External market forces affecting banks, governments, business, the 
            Internet and consumers are going to force us to go to a CASHLESS 
            society.
            The instrument for making this happen is a DEBIT card.
            And the people, who offer the right combination of features and 
            bring it the consumer market fast, are going to win BIG.
            Think about this...

            As our world becomes more connected through the Internet, the 
            media, and the political arena, there are going to be more and 
            more issues dealing with foreign currencies.
            Look at Europe right now. They are trying to get everyone to 
            operate from one currency.

            And then you have travelers who spend millions in foreign 
            countries all over the in the world.
            And then you have multi-national companies who must pay employees 
            all around the world. Each in the currency of the country they 
            reside.

             And then you have 90% of the world population who does not have a 
             credit card and/or a checking account.
             How are they going to buy over the Internet? From different 
             countries?

             These are just a few examples, but the need to handle a multitude 
             of these types of financial situations on a global scale, have 
             DRIVEN financial institutions to develop a new type of debt card 
             technology.

             he debit card you may be thinking about when you say, "Oh it's 
            just another debit card" is about to be made obsolete with a 
            revolution in the way money is handled.
            In a nutshell, new debit card technology is going to revolutionize 
            the way we think about and use money.

            The bottom line is there are MANY breakdowns in the financial 
            world today. They revolve around the basic element of money. Hard 
            currency and checks are a BURDEN to financial institutions.

            Here's just a few examples:

            Governments are tired of their currency being counterfeited. The 
            United States loses billions of dollars every year.
            Printing technology is so sophisticated now; it is much easier to 
            counterfeit money. Why do you think they recently redid the US 
            currency?
            The ONLY way to stop this would be to go to a CASHLESS form of doing 
            business. And you only have two choices...Credit card and debit 
            card.
            And credit cards won't work, because you have to QUALIFY and most 
            people around the world can't get one. 40% of people in the US still 
            do not have a credit card and 15% don't have a checking account. 75% 
            of people who have a credit card are MAXED out.
            And 90% of people in the world cannot obtain
            a credit card or a checking account.

            The ONLY answer will be a DEBIT card that ANYONE can get.
            And think about all the banks and companies who are fed up losing 
            billions of dollars each year in bad checks and lost interest on the 
            float created by checks.
            And how can they stop losing money like that?
            The only proven way is to use a debit card and verify funds are 
            available and capture them immediately. Because checks can bounce, 
            people don't carry cash and credit card bills don't always get paid.
            And having a debit card that can be used virtually anywhere a credit 
            card is accepted. So that it can be used to purchase over the 
            internet, make plane, car and hotel reservations, etc.
            And think of all the MILLIONS of people around the world who do not 
            have a credit card and no way to make purchases over the Internet. 
            That ONE market sector alone represents an almost unlimited 
            opportunity.

            Governments have an incentive to get rid of cash. 
            Banks and business have an incentive to get rid of checks. 
            And People need a convenient way to handle a multitude of 
            financial transactions in a global environment. 
            And people who use credit card have already proven it is possible 
            to operate cashless. 

            A global debit card could operate as a phone card in whatever 
            country you desire, allowed you to have an unlimited amount of money 
            in it and would let you transfer from card to checking account, 
            checking account to card and MOST importantly card to card.
            It just makes sense. For more details simply review the site, and 
            click on Sign Up to access a rep application.

            Update - Please be advised that the recent terrorist attacks are 
            having a significant impact in the world's financial and banking 
            industry. FSI has a goal of developing a truly global debit card but 
            as of this date we do not know what hurdles will have to be 
            overcome. In the mean time FSI has released the FSI Express Gold 
            Card. The FSI Express Gold Card is designed for US citizens.

           
             Thank you For Spending Time With Us Today...Have An Incrediable Day !

                                  www.globaldebitcard.net/swipecard


             *** As A Bonus Receive The All New " MASTERCARD " Debit Card..
                  The First Major Credit Card (debit) Avail..In The World >>>>>.
                  













            Hello Opportunity Seeker...Boy,We have Some Good News For You !!!
            
            Financial Services International is a company committed to meet the 
            demand for a Global Debit Card. Our mission is to develop a card 
            that will meet all of the needs of 90% of the world's population. 
            Additionally, FSI plans to release other financial products, an 
            international travel program, and a worldwide health benefit 
            program.



