Return-Path: <tyler@graphic-designer.com>
Delivered-To: bfsmedia-bluegoose.kennels@bfsmedia.com
Received: (qmail 28408 invoked from network); 15 Oct 2001 01:43:11 -0000
Received: from tor-smtp4.attcanada.ca (HELO attcanada.ca) (207.181.101.72)
  by agamemnon.bfsmedia.com with SMTP; 15 Oct 2001 01:43:11 -0000
Received: from outbox.attcanada.ca (mon-pq58-115.netcom.ca [216.123.135.115])
	by attcanada.ca (8.8.7-s-4/8.8.7) with SMTP id VAA26059;
	Sun, 14 Oct 2001 21:32:09 -0400 (EDT)
From: tyler@graphic-designer.com
Message-Id: <200110150132.VAA26059@attcanada.ca>
To: Friend@public.com
Date: Sun, 14 Oct 01 21:15:34 EST
Subject: Be Your Own Boss - yes, Act NOW!
Reply-To: green@execs.com
Content-Length: 15225
Lines: 360



ALL NEW VERSION: How to legally turn $25 into an unlimited 
CASH income.

To be REMOVED from this list email rem_list222@yahoo.com if 
you are not interested in making a legal CASH income by 
investing a small amount of time and money.

Dear Entrepreneur,

This is a legal, cash, realistic, no bells and whistles, no highly 
exaggerated testimonials, NO BALONEY, multi-level marketing program 
done completely via the internet in the comfort of your own home.  		
	          
Unlike traditional MLM, with this program you will NOT have to attend 
Any meetings.  No experience necessary.  No experience necessary.

I can't guarantee that you'll get rich with this program, but I can 
promise you this: If you follow this program faithfully, and are willing to work at
 it, you will be able to greatly improve the quality of your life.

This program is intended for those people who understand that nothing 
in life is free.  This is not a SCAM, it is a BUSINESS, and like all 
businesses, you must work in order to make it successful.  If you are 
honestly willing to put forth some effort, and have a little patience, 
you can earn enough money to improve your life considerably.

Before we go any further, let's get to the most FREQUENTLY ASKED 
QUESTIONS:

Q: The only thing I've ever heard about Multi LevelMarketing programs 
is that they don't work. Why is this one any different?

A: First of all, many MLMs do work, (just not nearly as well as they 
claim to work). However, the average MLM has LOTS of
problems. First off, they claim you can get rich in months by just 
working a few minutes a day. Obviously, that is totally false, and insults 
the intelligence of the reader.

This program works because it's truthful and people are much more 
likely to respond to reality vs. outrageous promises.

Q:  I've heard about another MLM that's floating around and I think the 
subject title is the same, or at least, very similar to this one.   Are 
these programs identical?

A:  No, they are not.  There is, however, an older version of this 
program, still in circulation.  That program is distinctly different from this one
 and is not affiliated with us.  To be certain you have received the correct 
reports, be sure that the numbering on the reports is as follows:  #1A, #2A, 
#3A, #4A and #5A.  The letter "A" after each number assures you of the 
correct report.

Q: Tell me exactly how this program works.

A: This program is extremely simple. In essence, you purchase 5 reports 
from the 5 people listed in this letter. Each report costs $5.00. Upon 
receipt of your $5.00, each of the 5 people will send you a report. These 
reports give you detailed, explicit information on how to send this intro letter 
(the one you are reading right now) to millions of people FREE or at minimal 
expense via email.

Let's assume you start out small and send out only 5000 emails.  With a 
0.001% response that means that you sell only 5 people reports:***

1st level - You sell 5 reports for $5.00 each. You receive $25.00 cash.

2nd level - Each of the 5 people you recruited will recruit 5 new 
members. That's 25 people x 5 new recruits each = 125 people.
Which is 125 people x $5.00 ea. = you receive $625.00.

3rd level - Those 125 people recruit 5 new members each.
That's 125 people x 5 new recruits each = 625 people.
Which is 625 people x $5.00 ea. = you receive $3,125.

4th level - Those 625 people recruit 5 new members each.
That's 625 people x 5 new recruits each = 3,125 people.
Which is 3,125 people x $5.00 ea. = you receive $15,625.

5th level - Those 3,125 people recruit 5 new members each.
That's 3,125 people x 5 new recruits each = 15,625 people.
Which is 15,625 x $5.00 ea. = you receive $78,125.

***Rather than exaggerate, our suggestion that you will only sell 5 
reports is extremely low. You can expect significantly greater sales.  
Many people will send out hundreds of thousands of emails instead 
of just 5000.

Q: Hold on, that's way too good to be true - it's not possible to make 
almost $80,000 based on a sale of only 5 reports. What's going on?

A: You're right. It is too good to be true. In a perfect world, 
everyone you recruit would faithfully follow the program. No one
would cheat. Everyone would send out their fair share of emails (and 
not rely on the others on your list to do all the work). 

But, it's not a perfect world, and you won't make $80,000 based on 
just a handful of sales.  However, if everyone did as they were instructed, 
we COULD do extraordinarily well. However, in spite of the cheaters and
the quitters, you WILL sell many, many reports, and some of the people you
 sell those reports to WILL work the program - and you will 
directly profit!

Q: I don't know very much about computers, do you have to be very 
computer savvy to do this?

A:  No. You don't need to to be a computer expert, however if you are, 
this will be even easier.  The reports are written in plain, easy to 
understand English so everyone can understand, even if you don't have 
much computer or MLM experience.

                            ***** IMPORTANT NOTE *****

IN ORDER TO UNDERSTAND EXACTLY HOW TO IMPLEMENT THIS 
PROGRAM, YOU MUST READ (IN SEQUENCE) ALL FIVE REPORTS.  
UNDOUBTEDLY, THE REPORTS WILL NOT ARRIVE IN ORDER, AND
YOU MAY FIND YOURSELF FEELING CONFUSED.  HOWEVER, ONCE 
YOU HAVE ALL FIVE REPORTS IN YOUR POSSESSION AND READ 
THEM SEQUENTIALLY (REPORT #1A, 2A, 3A, 4A & 5A) YOU WILL
HAVE ALL THE INFORMATION YOU NEED TO PROCEED.

Here's the deal: In order for a multi-level marketing (MLM) program to 
be legal, and not just another pyramid scheme,  you have to make an 
exchange of money for a service or product. In this case, you are selling a 
report for $5.00 cash. The report you are selling is your product - thus, it's 
legal. There are five reports for a cash outlay of $25.00.

To participate in this program you must order all 5 reports shown on 
the list below.

ORDER EACH REPORT BY ITS NUMBER AND NAME ONLY.  Note:  
Always send $5.00 cash (U.S. CURRENCY) for each report.  Checks are NOT 
accepted.  Please be sure to conceal the cash by wrapping it in at least 2 
sheets of paper.  

On one of those sheets of paper, NEATLY PRINT OR TYPE THE NUMBER
 AND LETTER OF THE REPORT AND THE NAME OF THE REPORT YOU
 ARE ORDERING.  Include your email address (plus an alternate, if available),
 plus your name and postal address.  PLEASE BE SURE TO TYPE OR PRINT 
YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS CLEARLY to ensure quick and trouble-free service.

Make sure your return address is on your envelope top left corner in 
case of any mail problems.

When you place your order, make sure you order each of the 5 reports. 
You will need all 5 reports so that you can save them on your computer
 and resell them.

Within a few days you will receive, via email, each of the 5 reports 
from these 5 different people. Save them on your computer so they will be 
accessible for you to send to the people who will order them from you. Also 
make a copy on a floppy disk of these reports and keep it somewhere safe 
in case something happens to your computer.

IMPORTANT! Do not alter the names of the people who are listed next to 
each report, or their sequence on the list. Follow the instructions in steps 
"1 - 6" or you will lose out on the majority of your profits.

REMEMBER: You benefit most when your names starts at Report 1A and 
moves up all the way up to report #5A. Each time someone new adds their 
name to the start of the list and does thier own mailing, you make more money, 
since your name will be on each list of those lists.  With each new particpant's 
mailing, he/she will drop the name at Report #5A and place their name at Report 
1A, thus moving your name up one more notch.  Each time this happens, your
 name will be circulated on more and more lists, resulting in more and more money
for you, up to an including the point where you reach Report #5A.

There is absolutley NO advantage in placing your name higher on the 
list, in fact it will actually give the others on the list more money and you less 
money. In order to profit from moving up higher in the list, it must occur naturally 
as new people start and your name gets circulated with each successive mailing.

Once you understand the way this works, you will also see how it does 
not work if you change it. Cheat and you'll be cutting off your own nose!

VERY IMPORTANT:

l. After you have ordered all 5 reports, take this advertisement and 
REMOVE the name & address of the person in REPORT # 5A. This person 
has made it through the cycle.

2. Move the name & address in REPORT #4A down to REPORT #5A

3. Move the name & address in REPORT #3A down to REPORT #4A

4. Move the name & address in REPORT #2A down to REPORT #3A

5. Move the name & address in REPORT #1A down to REPORT #2A

6. Insert YOUR name & address in the REPORT # 1A Position.

Take this entire letter, with the modified list of names, and save it 
on your computer. DO NOT MAKE ANY OTHER CHANGES. Save this on 
a disk just in case you lose any data.

Now, you are ready to:

PLACE YOUR ORDER FOR THESE REPORTS:
(MAKE SURE YOU CHECK FOR ACCURATE POSTAL RATES)

------------------------------------------------
Order Report #1A from:

Peter Douglas
5122 Cote-des-Neiges
CP 49643
Montreal, QC H3T 2A5
CANADA

(Note: from the US many people use 60 cents postage,
please check if in doubt)

------------------------------------------------

Report #2A: "How to Legally Send E-Mails FREE"

Order Report # 2A from:

M.A. Weiss
1591 Harrah Road
Niles, MI 49120
U.S.A.

---------------------------------------------------

Report #3A: "How to Avoid Wasting Time and Money"

Order Report # 3A from:

S & P Roussy
PO Box 37028
St-Hubert, PQ J3Y 8N3
CANADA
---------------------------------------------------

Report #4A: "How to Send 1 Million E-Mails FAST"

Order Report #4A from:

Mr. Ralph Bradshaw
1601 W. Fifth Ave. # 140
Columbus OH, 43212
USA

---------------------------------------------------

Report #5A: "Proven Tips to Help You Succeed"

Order Report #5A from:

Todd Artigue
233 Swanton Road #150
St. Albans, VT 05478
USA


---------------------------------------------------


Okay, what next? You've sent a $5 US bill to each of the above. In a 
few days you'll get all 5 reports in. You've protected them by saving them 
on your computer and on a floppy disk.

Do you really need to order all 5 reports? Yes, first of all they make 
the program legal - remember, you legitmately bought each of the reports for $5. 

And secondly, each report provides you with ALL the information you 
need to make this program successful for you.

If you've been involved in other MLM programs, you're probably 
accustomed to receiving reports of which are 90% exaggerated claims with 
only about 10% of useful information. If that's the case, you're going to be 
pleasantly surprised by the reports you'll receive with this program. The reports 
are going to give you step-by-step instructions on how to proceed, along with 
with a host of other valuable information. You need all 5 reports to begin. 

The reports are clear and written for those of us who are brand new to 
MLMs and computers. There are no false claims.

Orders will come slowly. As your name moves up the list, you'll receive 
more orders. Remember, every time someone new starts after you and does a 
mailing, you benefit directly since your name will be in every one of 
those emails they send.  The longer your name stays on the list, the more 
money you make. That's why it's so important NOT to push your name ahead.

To recap, this is what you do:

l. Save THIS letter on your computer and on a disk.

2. Purchase the 5 reports by sending $5.00 each to the 5 names 
previously listed - make sure you apply proper postage, a return address on 
your envelope (in case of mail problems), and include a note stating which 
report you are purchasing (the number is next to the name on the list), MAKE 
SURE YOU INCLUDE THE NUMBER AND LETTER of the report you are 
ordering, and include your e-mail address plus an alternate if you have one.

3. When you receive the reports, make sure you remove the name and 
address of the person in Report #5A, move the other names according to 
our previous instructions, add your name and address in 
the Report #1A position, then save all 5 reports on your computer and on a disk.

4. Using the information you have received from the 5 reports, you are 
now ready to begin emailing.

Please take a chance and give this a try.  Make this program the one 
you act on.  You have very little to lose and a great deal to gain. Think of it in 
terms of a very well paid part time job that allows you to work at home, at hours 
convenient to you, in your pajamas if you like, with no time clock to punch, or 
cranky boss to please.

I can tell you this:  if you decide to proceed with this program, your 
name will be on the list of all the new members until it reaches Report 5A.  
Some of those people may not do a lot of emailing, but there will be others
 that very aggressively.  So, every time they send out an 
email, your name will be on it.  You will directly benefit from their hard work.

And FINALLY, may we offer you some advice...believe in this program!  
The only way you can possibly fail to make a substantial amount of money, 
is if you quit, or fail to follow the program as outlined, or if you send out an 
inadequate number of emails.  Forget the naysayers who tell you that all MLMs 
are a scam, unworkable, or a hoax.  This program is a legitimate business 
opportunity.  Remember, you need to invest ONLY $25.00.  If you choose 
to participate, you are going to ask others to invest $25.00.  

You will not be scamming people out of their life savings, retirement 
funds, or kids' tuition accounts.  And, you won't be making outrageous promises 
that you can't keep. We have absolutely insisted that every word in this intro letter 
and the 5 reports be truthful. We  have forbidden the inclusion of false and/or 
exaggerated  testimonials.

We are the real deal.

------------------------------------------------------------------
If you have any questions of the legality of this program, contact the 
Office of Associate Director for Marketing Practices, Federal Trade 
Commission, Bureau of Consumer Protection, Washington, D.C.

This message is sent in compliance of the new email bill: Section 301, 
per Section 301, Paragraph (a) (2)(C) of S. 1618.

The following quote is from Senator Frank Murkowski, who has actually 
tried to pass laws to prohibit bulk email without success:

"The 105th session of Congress has adjourned without passing any news 
laws on this issue. Currently, no specific federal statute exists that 
regulates bulk email... in the meantime there will be no federal solution... 
Since bulk email is an issue of interstate commerce, any state law to address 
bulk email may be held by federal courts to be unconstitutional...

Senator Frank Murkowski - 3/25/00

Further information can be found at : 
http://www.spamlaws.com/state/summary.html

To be removed from this mailing list please send an email to rem_list222@yahoo.com
 (underscore_ after the letter m)



