Return-Path: <5B48QT0xK@mail.nnm.nl>
Delivered-To: em-ca-user.name@em.ca
Received: (qmail 30174 invoked from network); 26 Oct 2001 00:14:10 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO festival.future.bs) (63.112.134.12)
  by agamemnon.bfsmedia.com with SMTP; 26 Oct 2001 00:14:10 -0000
Received: from m3TdwPnPb (pppa17-resaleftlauderdaleb3-2r7025.dialinx.net [4.4.50.142]) by festival.future.bs with SMTP (Microsoft Exchange Internet Mail Service Version 5.5.2650.21)
	id R51YVMTN; Thu, 25 Oct 2001 20:24:34 -0400
DATE: 25 Oct 01 8:08:49 PM
FROM: 5B48QT0xK@mail.nnm.nl
Message-ID: <P7b64wJ7z6a>
SUBJECT: YES, YOU CAN NOW LIVE AND WORK IN AMERICA!
Content-Length: 4029
Lines: 88


 Would You Like to Live and Work in America? 
 * 
 Employment opportunities are now available in the United States. 
 Even though some companies have recently been reducing their staffs 
 other companies, in various industries, continue to grow and prosper. 
 Very important companies are looking for Accountants, Engineers, 
 Executive Assistants, Professional People, Educators, Computer Programmers, 
 Literate People, Secretaries, Medical Staffing, Sales People and many
 others. 
 These rich U .S. A. companies pay you in Very High US Dollars. 
 To be considered you must prepare a full resume with all your 
 education, experiences and dreams of your future. 
 Some of the companies will help you further your education, if desired. 
 It is very possible that when a company becomes interested in you 
 they will bring you to America, at their expense, for interviews 
 and even immediate employment. Most companies will move entire 
 families and their belongings to America, at no cost to the successful
 applicant. 
 * 
 We will assist you in many ways, but you must present yourself to the 
 many employers that respond; through letters, phone conversations and
 e-mail. 
 * 
 We will explain all the features of the cities you wish to live and work in.

 We will explain the public and private schools of  these cities for you. 
 We will introduce you to Real Estate Agents or home sellers and renters if
 desired. 
 We will find you U.S.A. Attorneys, familiar with your language and your
 customs 
 The U.S.A. Attorneys will explain visas and immigration laws to you. 
 We will explain our banking system for you. 
 We will explain how your children can enter college, at no expense to you. 
 We will continue to send information in the employment field of your 
 choice until you find what you are looking for. 
 We are here to help you with your dreams of becoming an American. 
 We will explain our customs and  ways for you. 
 We have access to all the companies that are publicly seeking new employees.

 * 
 When responding to us: 
 You must include a self addressed, stamped envelope along with 
 your resume .If you require assistance with the accepted resume forms 
 of the United States we can help you with this. 
 We will give you geographical, climate, population and other pertinent 
 information regarding the companies and areas that show an interest in you. 
 * 
 We are not an employment agency, so the inter action you have with 
 the companies will not be filtered in any way and what they tell you 
 will be the facts involved for those companies. 
 * 
 The companies usually know that English is not your first language and 
 they will assist you with our language and what to expect on company issues.

 * 
 If you are serious about improving your life you must take swift action 
 because the job you want is being considered by many other applicants, 
 in many areas of the world. There are many employment opportunities 
 in America but each one is unique and is only available for a very short
 time. 
 * 
 For all of these services and handling some of your initial affairs to start

 your new life in America, our fee is $90.00 (US) (ninety US dollars). 
 This amount must arrive with your first letter and must be in the form 
 of “International Money Order” made payable as shown below. 
 * 
 Immediately upon receipt of your first letter we will start searching 
 for the employment you desire in your instructions. 
 You will receive information from us by return delivery, 
 as quickly as your post will return delivery 
 * 

 E. G. Gilbert, Consultant 
 P.O. Box 970232 
 Coconut Creek, Florida 33097 
 U.S.A. 


 There are other ways of  living in America that do not require employment. 
 They do require financial investments usually involving $40,000.(US) and
 more. 
 If you are interested in investing in a business in America please write
 about 
 your needs and approximate financial amount you intend to invest. 
 The same services are offered and the same fee applies. 

