Return-Path: <arie@mail.americancoalition.org>
Delivered-To: bfsmedia-info@bfsmedia.com
Received: (qmail 2717 invoked from network); 29 Sep 2001 11:16:02 -0000
Received: from unknown (HELO mail.americancoalition.org) (206.105.105.35)
  by agamemnon.bfsmedia.com with SMTP; 29 Sep 2001 11:16:02 -0000
Received: (from root@localhost)
	by mail.americancoalition.org (8.11.3/8.11.3) id f8T6wme09727;
	Sat, 29 Sep 2001 02:58:48 -0400 (EDT)
	(envelope-from arie)
Date: Sat, 29 Sep 2001 02:58:48 -0400 (EDT)
Message-Id: <200109290658.f8T6wme09727@mail.americancoalition.org>
From: admin@naturescuresonline.com
To: info@bfsmedia.com
Subject: Do You Have High Blood Pressure?
Content-Length: 8374
Lines: 113


IF YOU HAVE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE YOU MUST READ THIS                 
 
The following article about your health is brought to you by NATURE’S CURES, INC., dedicated to natural remedies for health problems.
 
REDUCE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE, NATURALLY, SAFELY, QUICKLY WITH BP-BALANCE
 
High blood pressure (hypertension) is an epidemic that has reached momentous proportions, especially in the United States. 
 
It is both a symptom of heart and circulation problems and a cause of these problems.  It is, thus, very important to normalize high blood pressure.
 
Readings of 140/90 or higher fall into different categories of hypertension, ranging from mild to very severe.
 
There are pharmaceutical drugs such as Diovan, Vasotec, Verapamil and beta-blockers that effectively reduce high blood pressure. But these drugs may have serious side effects including, kidney damage, hepatic necrosis, tachycardia, muscle cramps, gout, diabetes, stomach or pancreas malfunction, skin disorders, anxiety, depression, memory loss, impotence, loss of libido, fatigue, elevated cholesterol, ventricular fibrilation.
 
Our group of medical doctors, biochemists and nutritionists searched the world to find a safe, natural formula to normalize blood pressure. We discovered BP-BALANCE, a combination of Chinese herbs that works with no known side effects.
 
BP-BALANCE
 
·	·        Has all natural ingredients and herbal formula components.
·	·        Dilates (opens) the blood vessels and increases blood circulation.
·	·        Maintains a lowered level of blood pressure continuously as long as it is taken on a regular basis.
·	·        May lower blood pressure in less than a week
·	·        Supports the strengthening and relaxation of the heart
·	·        Supports circulation
·	·        Improves rest and sleeping patterns.
·	·        Has no known side effects
 
Hundreds of doctors and chiropractors throughout the country are now successfully treating hypertension with BP-BALANCE.
 
Dr. Bob Berger, a biochemist, writes:
 
“My name is Dr., Bob Berger. I have two Ph.Ds in Biochemical Pharmacology and Biochemistry from the Universities of Pennsylvania and Tennessee, and I am a researcher and product developer.
 
“I had suffered from high blood pressure for over 10 years (average blood pressure: 150/95) until I was put on high blood pressure medication (a beta-blocker) by a cardiologist. After a month on the beta-blocker, my blood pressure was only slightly improved (142/88 on an average), but the side effects were very severe.  I had no energy. My libido was extremely low. I was tired and depressed much of the time, and I would even become drowsy when driving.
 
This is when I decided to try the BP-BALANCE. Within three days of taking one pill in the A.M, one with lunch and 2-3 before bed (while lowering the beta-blocker dose by one-half) my blood pressure read 126/72!
 
“A week later I had weaned myself off the beta- blocker completely, and was taking 1 BP BALANCE pill at midday and 1 before bed. My blood pressure read consistently 128-132/68-74. My cardiologist did not believe it, but it was true.
 
“That was one year ago. As of today, I am taking only 1-2 BP BALANCE pills before bed and I have a perfect 125-130/72-76. I feel better. My energy and libido are back, and I know I will never have to take blood pressure medication again! Remember, I represent only one of the tens-of-thousands of people who are using BP-BALANCE across the country.”
 
A Pennsylvania attorney could not control his blood pressure until he tried BP-BALANCE. He writes:
 
“I want to thank you for making BP Balance available. I am a 45-year-old attorney with high blood pressure and my doctor cannot seem to reduce it. He has had me on almost every kind of pharmaceutical medication and just recently had me try 20 mg of Nadolol, which I could still not tolerate due to its side effects.
 
“I was introduced to BP Balance and I was just amazed as to how well it worked. Not only did it reduce my blood pressure, but also I am not tired nor did I encounter any side effects I usually experienced taking Nadodol or any other pharmaceutical medicine. My doctor could not believe I got the results I did taking an all-natural product. He is now recommending it to his patients.
 
“I thank you again, and my wife and three children thank you.
                                             Mark E. Mascara, Esq.
                                             Pittsburgh, PA
 
 
A 53-year-old man from Boca Raton, Florida writes:
 
“I have had high blood pressure for the last five years and have been on beta-blockers to control it.  I started taking BP-BALANCE, and in one week I was able to reduce the use of beta-blockers. Now I use BP-BALANCE exclusively. My blood pressure is under control with the use of BP-BALANCE, and since it is all- natural, I do not have the side effects of the pharmaceutical beta- blockers any more.
 
“It is such a wonderful product and I feel safer because it is all-natural. My doctor is amazed that it works so well.”            
                                           Gary G., Boca Raton, Florida
 
 
If you suffer from high blood pressure, you need BP-BALANCE. There is no other product like it on the market. Tens of thousands of people have normalized their blood pressure with BP-BALANCE.
 
BP-BALANCE comes in a bottle containing 100 small tablets.
 
INGREDIENTS:F.Sophora aponica, F. Notoginseng Hoo, LF Prunella Vulgatise, Sulong Husa, Lonicera, J Aponica Thumb, Wet Husa. 
 
HOW TO TAKE BP-BALANCE: 
 
For individuals with very high blood pressure or greater, than borderline hypertension, it is usually advised to begin with one (1) pill with lunch, (1) one with dinner, and then 3-4, ½ hour before bed. This dose can be tapered off when the blood pressure improves or becomes stabilized.
 
For those with borderline hypertension, dosages may be one (1) with breakfast, (1) one with lunch and between 1-3 at bedtime. Many clients are able to keep their blood pressure stabilized by taking one (1) pill at midday and 1-2 at bedtime.
 
 
HOW TO ORDER BP-BALANCE
 
For a limited time only we are offering each 100-tablet bottle for only $29.95. (Normal price is $39.95)  There is a $6.95 charge for shipping and handling. (Health practitioners generally sell BP-BALANCE for $40-45.)
 
Send your check or money order to:
 
NATURE’S CURES
1799 N.E. 164th St.
Suite 117
North Miami Beach, FL 33162
 
e-mail: info@naturescuresonline.com
 
Your product will be shipped within a few days (money order). If you send a personal check, the product will be shipped as soon as the check clears. Indicate how many bottles you wish to order, at  $29.95 per bottle. The $6.95 shipping and handling charge will cover the shipping for 1-10 bottles.
 
Please include your address and a phone number and/or email so we can contact you. 
 
 
YOUR SATISFACTION GUARANTEE
 
All unopened bottles of BP-BALANCE can be returned within 30 days for a full refund (minus shipping and handling). You may return opened bottles for a full refund (minus shipping and handling) within 30 days if the returned bottle is accompanied by a letter telling us why you are not satisfied with the product.   
 
REDUCE CHOLESTEROL NATURALLY
 
BIOSLIFE 2 has been extensively clinically tested. It reduces cholesterol by an average of 30%! It reduces the LDL(bad cholesterol) by an average of 26% and raises the HDL (good cholesterol by an average of 30%) It also reduces triglycerides by 76%!
 
To find out about BIOSLIFE 2 and our many other fine products
Arthritis, impotence, the immune system, heart disease and much more, please click on to our website at www.unicitynetwork.com/naturescures 
 
Thank you and good health.
 
Your friends at NATURE’S CURES
 
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration have not evaluated the above statements. . This letter is intended for informational purposes only and should not be used as a guide for diagnosis and/or treatment of any disease. If you have any heath problems it is advisable to seek the advice of a health care professional.
BP-Balance is an all- natural, herbal formula. However, if you are taking any pharmaceutical medicines, you may wish to consult with a physician or pharmacist.
 
If you do not wish to receive any future mailings, please click below
mailto:remove@naturescuresonline.com?subject=remove%20info@bfsmedia.com 
 
