Return-Path: <27eQT343j@yahoo.com>
Delivered-To: bfsmedia-gn@bfsmedia.com
Received: (qmail 3285 invoked from network); 26 Nov 2001 00:41:21 -0000
Received: from relay.eltelevest.no (HELO etv-relay.eltelevest.no) (213.188.18.132)
  by agamemnon.bfsmedia.com with SMTP; 26 Nov 2001 00:41:21 -0000
Received: from o1haSMN1f (interscan.eltelevest.no [213.188.18.131])
	by etv-relay.eltelevest.no (8.11.6/8.11.6) with SMTP id fAQ0hnj18838;
	Mon, 26 Nov 2001 01:43:50 +0100
DATE: 25 Nov 01 4:43:13 PM
FROM: 27eQT343j@yahoo.com
Message-ID: <0V53oC3YCSz>
SUBJECT: THE LAST PROGRAM BEFORE YOU DELETE THIS
Content-Length: 27541
Lines: 170

 DEAR FRIEND AND FUTURE ASSOCIATE:
THE LAST PROGRAM
If you're ready to finally succeed at making money, using a system that is so easy a 12-
year-old could do it, and if you're tired of trying programs that promise you a lot but 
deliver little, then this is the LAST program you'll ever need to take a look at! Honestly, 
you will have SUCCESS with this. Give this letter a read and see for yourselfl!
We could become very close friends - and associates - in the near future! In this letter, 
we're going to show how YOU can actually RAKE IN a tidy sum of CASH for almost 
next to nothing!
• You do not have to buy any merchandise.
• You do not have to sell anything.
• You do not have to mail thousands of letters.
(In fact, you don't have to mail any letters!)
• This system is simple and virtually foolproof.
• You will receive CASH money.
This system was designed for the average person. It doesn't matter what your status is in 
life at this time because regardless what it is you can succeed.
FIRST THINGS FIRST... WHO WE ARE
My name is Martin Shaeffer, and my associate's name is Bernie Wilkerson. We have 
teamed up to create what we truly believe is the best money-making opportunity you've 
ever seen! Both Bernie and myself are self-made millionaires. I made my fortune in 
marketing creating a lot of profitable ads for major corporations. I also made some really 
sweet real estate deals when real estate was good back in the eighties. Bernie is nothing 
short of a genius! He made most of his fortune using "unique financial management 
systems," as he puts it. You may have heard of him since he is well known in the 
"financial circles". When Bernie thinks something is good, few people question his 
judgement. We both are convinced this is the absolute best and most dependable way to 
put a lot of money in a lot of pockets without anyone having to spend much money in the 
process.
USE THIS NEW, POWERFUL CASH-GENERATING SYSTEM TO MAKE 
THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS!
Bernie and I have designed a powerful, LEGAL, cash-generating system that allows 
anyone with even the smallest amount of ambition to receive a substantial amount of cash 
money! Age, occupation, or experience is NOT a factor. If you can follow simple 
instructions, that's all the "skill" you need.
You can ignore this or throw it away but

you'll never know what you could have had if you do.
ARE YOU...
 Interested in making LARGE sums of CASH money honestly and legally?
 Looking for something that you can work quietly out of your home?
 Looking for something that requires very little money to start?
 Interested in seeing your dreams become reality?
We spent 2 years and 4 months studying all of the different ways the average person 
could choose to make money. We looked at Internet opportunities, current real estate 
methods, network marketing, "traditional" retail and wholesale businesses, the stock 
market, offshore opportunities . . . you name it! On the upside, there are literally 
THOUSANDS of different businesses to choose from. However, on the downside you 
could literally lose your shirt in virtually ALL of them! Additionally, most of the 
ventures require you to wait a long time for a return on your investment - anywhere from 
several months to several years. Even then there was NO guarantee that you'd make any 
money. Many opportunities were very risky, and large amounts of money were required 
to get into them.
We were looking for something the average person could get into at a low cost - and 
preferably with very little risk - that would pay a really decent return. After several 
thousand man-hours of gathering data and pouring over that data, we finally found the 
IDEAL concept for making money. However, that "concept" required us to make a few 
modifications in order for it to work effectively, and to ensure that everyone who 
participated would be successful. With our modifications in place and tested, we knew 
we came up with the system that everyone has been looking for - and boy we were 
excited!! (We still are!)
Copyright @2000 Martin Shaeffer and Bernie Wilkerson
WITH OUR INCREDIBLE SYSTEM YOU CAN TAKE A SMALL AMOUNT OF MONEY AND TURN IT INTO A LARGE PILE OF CASH!
This letter is a part of our system. It has been designed to help you FINALLY succeed financially. Sure, you've tried other avenues for making money in the past, BUT YOU HAVE NEVER SEEN OR TRIED ONE EXACTLY LIKE THIS!! Our new system will give you financial freedom. Once you've experienced total financial freedom, you'll feel the weight of the world lift off your shoulders, and you'll have an entirely new outlook on life. Imagine that! FINALLY being free to do the things in life that you couldn't do before - take trips, pay off bills, buy lake property... whatever it is that you've been dreaming of doing, you'll now be able to do it without hesitation or permission! Making money is serious business, but we intend to show you how much fun it can be to have money to literally spend any way you wish... without concern about using it up because there will always be more coming. It's truly a magnificent feeling!
Can YOU become a millionaire? It's entirely possible if you stay with us and follow our advice. It won't happen overnight, but as long as you are reasonably patient and are willing to follow our lead, there's an excellent chance that a couple of years or so down the road YOU could be a millionaire too! Being a millionaire means you earn in the area of $100,000 per month! Sounds crazy doesn't it? Most people can't imagine such a thing, but it gets real easy to cozy up to once you're actually making that kind of monthly money.
And if you don't know it already, you must provide for your own retirement because you simply cannot depend on Social Security to be there for you. That entire system is poorly managed and so completely screwed up that it cannot possibly provide a decent living for you and your loved ones in your Golden Years. You'll never be able to count on it. Not to worry though... we have a plan to help you prepare for your retirement.
And speaking of retirement, even if you're currently working for someone eIse, you may be able to retire in 2 or 3 years (or less!) and be financially "set" for the rest of your life. That's right... you can retire early and enjoy living the good life! Thousands of people are already doing it... why shouldn't YOU be one of them?! If you are already retired and you can't quite make ends meet, then this program is exactly what you've been looking for. For you, our system truly IS "The Last Program!"
As mentioned earlier, Bernie and I spent over 2 years researching and documenting every type of venture we could possibly find. After documenting and analyzing thousands of different ventures, we settled in on one particular type of venture where the investment was super low, the potential payout was very high, and the risk was practically nonexistent (even if you did only the minimum amount of work). That "something" we found was the "Gifting" concept!
HOLD ON!! Before you wad this letter up.'.. hear us out. Give yourself the chance to learn what we learned, okay?
We know that there have been many different programs that have used variations of "gifting" techniques which promised. you incredible amounts of money if you would follow their advice. From our research we know that virtually all of them have failed because we did an in-depth study of every gifting-type program we could find. Because of this large number of failures, gifting programs are getting a bad rap... and this is not fair because they honestly don't deserve it. The number one question for us was: "Why did they fail?" Let's face it... the gifting concept is SOLID! If the operators were honest (and we found that the majority of them were), these
programs should have worked, but still they didn't. So our task then became to figure out WHY. We knew once we could answer the "why" we could then solve the problems all of these programs seemed to be plagued with.

WE FOUND OUT WHY OTHER PROGRAMS DID`NT WORK AND WE MADE THE NECESSARY CORRECTIONS   if we told YOU WE CAN GUARANTEE YOU A PROGRAM THAT WILL NEVER BE SHUT DOWN?
To find out why other gifting programs didn't work, we spent several months locating some of the operators of those programs and discussing with them why their program(s) didn't succeed. What we found out was this: The basic gifting concept truly IS solid, but the weaknesses were in the way they were structured and operated! We found most of
 the operators of these programs didn't think "long term and they didn't seem to understand how outside sources influenced them. THE"outside influences"

included governmental agencies and the nature of people in  general.Most of the gifting-type programs we came across were "monthly-payment" types. These are programs where you pay a small fee each month of, say $20 or $30, and you send these payments in to the program operator each month. The program operator then dispatches all payments received to the appropriate participants once or twice each month.
As these programs grow, the volume of mail also grows since each member sends a gift each month. This is the Achilles heel that defeats every one of the MONTHLY gifting programs! That volume of mail simply can't be disguised because it attracts a LOT of attention! With this much attention, one of two things usually occurs:
1) Someone eventually discovers that cash is inside all those envelopes, This usually happens when a postal employee sees an envelope that has been accidentally torn open by mail handling equipment. Mail going to that address in the future is then stolen or somehow 'lost'(as the post office would describe it). From here on out the program is on its way down because payments are not getting to the participants since they are being stolen and the operator is not receiving them. The operator does not know what is going on; he just knows that his monthly mail volume has dropped, but he's not sure why. The program dies.
2) The Postal Service gets word from another government agency to interrupt mail service - without notice - to whatever address the operator was using. The Postal Service complies, which causes a serious disruption to the program and the program suffers an immediate death. The operater is powerless to do anything about it. By the time the operator goes to court to fight this illegal action by the Postal Service, it is too late... he cannot salvage the program.
The NUMBER ONE weakness that causes most gifting programs to fail is the fact that the U.S. Postal Service cannot be trusted to reliably deliver any mail that CONTAINS Cash!
And you know what? The sad thing about this fact is that THEY KNOW IT TOO because even the Postal Service tells you not to send cash through their system. Yeah... even they know they have serious theft problems! In each of the above examples, the operator gets blamed for the failure of the program, but the reality is the U.S. Postal Service (the government) is at fault for the program's failure - not the operator. Unfortunately, there's not much any of us can do to change how the government operates.
The point we're trying to make here is that found out gifting programs would really work if the government would leave them alone!
.HOW WE FIXED THE PROBLEM
The first thing we've done in our new system is eliminate the U.S. Postal Service from the most critical loop, which is the delivery of cash and other correspondence to the program operators (Bernie and me). To deliver cash payments and other correspondence, we use Private Carriers such as UPS, Fed-Ex, Airborne Express, etc. Notice we didn't say that YOU can't use the Postal Service to promote the program through the mail if you wanted to, because you can... there's certainly no problem with that since you are just mailing letters and there is no cash in them. We mean that anything coming to us as the internal monitors of the program must not travel via the U.S. Postal Service since they are not the trustworthy public servants they are supposed to be.
Secondly, we've created a way to keep our delivery address so fluid that even existing members will not be sure what it is from one day to another. It changes very frequently. The only people who will know which address is the correct address on any given day will be those new people who wish to join our program. Yes, yes, yes, we will eventually give YOU a phone number, a fax number, and an e-mail address so you can communicate directly with us, but not until we are ready for you to have that information. We don't want this privy information given out to, every Tom, Dick, and Harry. This procedure is for your benefit because it protects the program and keeps the cash flowing FOR YOU!
Thirdly, we solved the incoming mail-volume problem by making this plan a one-time payment program. This eliminates the major problem with those "monthly" gifting programs described earlier. This procedure does three things: 1) It prevents drawing too much attention to a single address, 2) It eliminates the hassles of remembering to make a monthly payment and then going through the trouble and inconvenience of actually making the payment, and 3) It prevents a member from accidentally getting
droped from the program because- he or she was
either late with their monthly payment or forgot to make it altogether. You see, many programs would drop you like a hot potato if you missed a payment.
our procedure of making a SINGLE payment completely solves this problem....you won`t lose of the time and money you put into the program simply because you were really busy one mouth and forgot to make your payment or you didn~t recieve your "reminder notice", or you misplaced it.The one time payment fee is $100.00--which we feel is very reasonable, especially when you see what the payout is with this program(which we`ll describe later in this letter). Yes, the one time payment is a little higher than those "mouthly" payments in some other programs, but it acually cost LESS to participate in our program. THINK ABOUT IT! After you`ve made just 3 or 4 payments in those mouthly programs, it has already cost you more money to participate in them than it would have cost you being in our program and making JUST ONE PAYMENT! Bernie and I have really thought this through, and we know we have a better way...anyone who participates in our program will be doing so at A MUCH LOWER OVERA!
LL COST!

With these corrective actions and techniques, along with serveral others we don`t mention in this letter, out program litterally can NEVER be shut down BY ANYONE!
GIFTING PROGRAMS REALLY ARE 100% LEGAL
The cash money you recieve from this program is technically considered non-taxable "gifts" from income that has already been taxed (since you didn`t earn it via any kind of commerce), and it even states this in the IRS code. We realize that there are people who would argue this point, but the fact remains that gifts amounts recieved from any single person per year up to $10,000.00 are NOT legally taxable as spelled out by the IRS TAX CODE itself.Other people(both in the government and outside the government) may twist words around and argue that the money you reciev is income...it is NOT


HERE`S WHAT HAPPENS TO YOU WHEN YOU JOIN
On the last page of this letter you will find a list of six names. The PERSON in the # 1 position is the person who sent you this letter. You will notice that nobody can bother the people on the list because only we know who these people are. Nobody can assoiate anyone with anything, and that`s exactly the way we planned it.
When you join our program, you will send in a total ONE-TIME payment of $100.00 This payment goes directly to us first so that we can verify who did actually sent the cash money before they`re allowed to participate. After you pay this $100.00 fee, you do NOT send any more money (unless you want to sign up more than once).There are never any mouthly gifting or maintenance fees to hassel with. Now follow along closely as we explain where your money goes.
We will send $10.00 to EACH of the six people on the list. This accounts for $60.00 of the money you send in. The remaining $40.00 is your one time Application, Maintenance, and Monitoring Fee. This gets you set up in our system and covers the on-going costs of continuously monitoring your downline and sending you your cash money and mouthly downline reports as you cycle through phase 1-no matter how long it takes you to complete the cycle.Addionally, this $40.00 also goes to pay for the ongoing overhead necessary to keep providing you service and to keep this program in the black. We maintain a lot of employees, need office space, computers, fax machines, phone lines, mail boxes, ect. It also goes to pay for the membership kits, utilities, paper, envelopes, shipping expenses, printing, and all of the hundredes of other things required to run an operation like this.We have a very elaborate team of professionals which are needed to run this program properly.This ain`t no ches!
sy operation. It is quite impressive indeed. We make absolutely NO profit from this $40.00 fee.! And in case you are wondering, we make our money the same way you do, by signing up as participants and paying our $100.00 fee each time we enoll.
Payments are sent to member at the end of each mouth. So lets say you decide to join our program and we recieve your application and $100.00 participation fee on the 11th of the mouth. On the 30th of the mouth we will tally all payments going to each person,then send each person the total amount due them in CASH. WE sincereky want everyone to receive their money in a timely manner because this is what will prove to you that there is a better way other than dependence on others for your livelihood. Our sophisticated computerized software keeps an accurate tally of who recieved gifts from whom and tbe total amount to be paid to each member for each mouth. We also have a back up system inplace in case of computer failure, so don`t worry about how we do what we do. Rest assured knowing you WILL get your payments.
YOUR MEMBERSHIP KIT
As mentioned before, once we have recieved your application and payment, we will send you your Membership Info Kit. In the kit you will recieve the Member`s Guide.This is an extensive, professionally-bound, easy to understand book that covers any and all questions that you may have. It will literally lead you by the hand, step by step, instructing you on how to use this program to create a cash flow that you probably never dreamed about. It also tells you how to handle cash money as it relates to the IRS and other institutions. Everything you need to know is in the book.
Also enclosed is a computerized prinout of the six people shown on the last page that your $10.00 gifts went to. You will recieve their address, phone number, ect. so that you can cantact them to verify that they have recieved gifts from you. We highly encouage you to call each person and ask them what they think of the program. We really want you to communicate with each other because, more than anything else, that will let you know you`re dealing with professionals who truly have your best interest at heart!      
Also included in your kit will be a camara-ready original of this leter that you will have YOUR name and number in the number one #1 slot on the list. This is provided to you so that you can have a few copies made to either mail or hand to other prospective mambers. New people need a form to fill out with YOUR name and member number in the #1 slot if they are going to join the program under you.
If you desire to mail letters, included will be excellent printing sourses that can provide you with high-quality printed copies of your letter at dirt cheap prices! We will also include an extensive list of mailing list companies so you can easily fing a place to purchase names if you wish to do so.
And finally, as mentioned earlier, we will also provide you with info on how to contact us for assistence and information. 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Q. WHY DID YOU GUYS COME UP WITH THIS?
A: We are in a battle in this country between those who wish to control and those who wish to be free to live their lives as they choose. The road is getting tougher-and-tougher as government continually tries to find ways to get at us through more and more restrictions (laws) and higher and higher taxes. Think about it for a moment: The only way the average person can climb above the burdens of higher taxes and be able to provide for his or her retirement is to come up with a vehicle for generating a lot more money. So thats what we did...we designed a "cash vehicle" for the average person! The more money a person has, the less that person can be controlled because he or she is not dependent on the government. In your situation, would YOU be better off with more money or less money? This is a silly question...of course you would be better off with more money. So what we`re going to do is show you how YOU can get more money-quickly,easily,and quietly-so that you can raise yo!
ur standard of living and be able to do what-up until now-you have only dreamed about.
With this in mind and to answer this question, our intent with this program is to allow you to live life to its fullest, on YOUR own terms, without financial worry or fear from anyone. We will help you make your dream become reality! We will do this by showing you that capitalism, independence, and freedom are far superior to dependency and poverty.
EXCITED TO GET STARTED? THEN HERE`S HOW YOU JOIN US!

If you truly want to recieve some serious cash money, then you need to be a part of this! We have purposely designed this program so that the average person could easily afford to participate in it. Certainly you must be tired of joining programs that are continually being shut down. Here1s your chance to FINALLY recieve the kind of cash money that has been eluding you all these years. It`s time to get rolling down the road to financial freedom with a program that has been designed for your success and a team that truly wants to make this happen for you.
Your first step is to read and carefully fill out the application below, then FAX it to our TOLL-FREE number. Your second step is to sit back and wait for our response...you`ll here from us in your mail box in about a week. Our great cash-generating system is already changing the lives of a lot of people, and it can change YOUR life too. Fill out and fax your application right now!!
Our easy to understand "Phase One Systam Example"
You sponsor three people and you in the #one slot=3X$10 you receive $30
Those 3 sponsor three each and you in the #2slot=9 X$10 you recieve $90
Those 9 sponsor 3 people each with you in the #3 slot= you recieve 27 X $10 you recieve $ 270
Those 27 sponsor three people each with you in the #4 slot= 81 X $10 you recieve $810
Those 81 sponsor three each with you in the # 5 slot= 243 X $10 you recieve $2,430
Those 243 sponsor three people each with you in the # 6 slot= 729 X $10 you recieve $7,290 your total in phase one $10,920
Phase 2 is where the really big money comes in! Instead of gifiting $10 to 6 different people, in phase 2 everyone gifts $500 to each of six people which means you will gift $3000, but Don`t Worry! By the time you will have recieved a whole lot more than that from cycling through phase 1, so you easily have the $3000 needed to move into phase 2, think more about how YOU will be recieving $500 from each of the same number of people shown in the above example! This amounts to over $500,000-- if everyone brings in the minimum effort of just bring in 3 people each! Imagine what the payout would be if you brought in a dozen people who each bring in three, or perhaps you bring in two dozen people? We hope you are beginning to get excited 

TYPE THIS APPLICATION ON A SHEET OF PAPER AND FAX TOLL FREE
.............................................................................................
APPLICATION FOR PARTICIPATON IN "THE LAST PROGRAM"        fax toll free to 1-888-777-7788
   alt fax # : 1-727-786-3308 (not toll free).
step 1. using BLACK ink, completly fill out this application form, including providing us with a numercial 4 digit "Personal Security Password". This Personal Security Password is somthing that only you will and we will know...it will not be released to anyone else. It will be used to positively identify you when you make changes to your information. Please PRINT VERY CLEARLY so that we can easily read all information once it has been faxed to us. (FAX transmissions cause loss of quaity and clarity!)You do not have to use your real name if you don`t want to..you may use any name you wish, but be sure that you can recieve mail under whatever name you give us!! We must have an accurate address within the U.S.
step 2. Fax this application to our toll free number: 1-866-777-7788. Yep...we even pay for the phone call!! These days you can find any number of places to send faxes for you...your local grocery store, a mail room, a print shop, office Depot, Kinko`s, Staples, or perhaps you have your own fax machine at home. With us paying for the call, even your employer shoudn`t mind you sending a one page fax from his machine since there`s no expense to him.( Sorry, but we will return or ignore any improperly completed applications.)
IMPORTANT!! So that the sheet doesn`t jam in your macnine, please fax the whole page to us. If you cut this sheet you might have feeding problems which make it difficult for us to read your application on our end and we won`t be able to respond back to you. So please just FAX the whole page to avoid any problems.
...............................................................................................
Your Name (be sure you can recieve mail under this name)  
Your Adress(U.S. ONLY)
Your City, State and zip code
Your 4-digit numerical personal security password(you pick any 4 digit number you want):

These fine people on the list below are already beginning to improve their financial status . You can add you name to this list and improve your financial status too by joining us.

#1. K.A.L. 17058-5                                                             
#2. D.D. Stroud 14062-3                                 
#3. Ms. Inga Morrison 11583-5                    
#4. Don Lazard 10240-3                                  
$5. Tony Thompson 9970-8                                     
#6. Ray A. Butler -1 9917-8                                    .
                                                                                                            
   .......... END OF APPLICATION.........................................................................................                                        
                 PLEASE TAKE NOTE
      at this time, because of the nature of us sending you your payments in U.S. dollars,
      we are only offering this program to people with an address located in the U.S.A.
      and its territories. If you live outside the USA and its terrritories, you may participate,
      but you MUST give us a U.S. address where we can send you your cash payments and correspondence
     ( use a friend or relative`s address who lives within the U.S. if you need to).

      ABSOLUTELY NO CASH PAYMENTS WILL BE MADE OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES AT THIS TIME.











                
